First, the Employee files the appeal with appropriate
Department Officials at the Veterans Affairs Central Office, or VACO.
This can be done with assistance from local HR and Union Representatives.
HR staff will forward the appeal to VACO no later than 15 days
after the Employee submits it to them.
VACO Officials will generally complete their review within 60
days of the date they receive the appeal.
The Employee who filed the classification appeal is
entitled to a copy of the classification appeal file.
The Local can also request and receive a copy of this file.
If the Employee is satisfied with the response from VACO,
the process ends.
If the Employee is not satisfied with the response from VACO
officials, he or she may seek a classification review from OPM.